https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-24669--new procedure for hcp (In review with developer) (#8375)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: business_continuity/backup_restore/backup_hcp.adoc

[#config-hcp-backup]

> = Backup and restore for {hcp} overview

Author: This file has new content.

> When using {acm-short} to manage hosted clusters with {mce-short} hosting clusters, you can back up and restore both the {acm-short} hub cluster and the hosted clusters.

Reviewer: you can back up and restore the management capability of both the {acm-short} hub cluster and the hosted clusters. ACM does not backup and restore the hosted "kubernetes clusters". (mentioned in line 22 as well)

* {oadp} resources, such as `DataProtectionApplication`, `BackupSchedule`, `Backup` and `Restore` for your hosted clusters, are created in the `open-cluster-management-backup` namespace.

* For more information, see the link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.18/html/hosted_control_planes/high-availability-for-hosted-control-planes#hcp-backup-restore-aws-overview_hcp-disaster-recovery-aws[Overview of Hosted Cluster backup and restore process].

== Backup scope for hosted clusters

When using {acm-short} to manage hosted clusters with {mce-short} hosting clusters, you need to know the scope of the {acm-short} backup and recovery operation.

{acm-short} only recovers the management capability of {mce-short} hosting clusters and the attached hosted clusters. This includes the following functional areas:

- Discovery and import configuration: Auto-discovery policies and `DiscoveredCluster` resources
- Management resources: Policies, applications, and governance configurations applied to hosted clusters
- Backup labels: Resources marked with `cluster.open-cluster-management.io/backup` labels

> - Add-on configurations: HyperShift addon settings and deployment configurations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Add-on configurations: HyperShift add-on settings and deployment configurations
```

> The following functional areas are outside the disaster recovery scope:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following functional areas are not within the disaster recovery scope:
```

- Hosted clusters: The actual hosted control planes and their workloads
- Hosted cluster data: Applications, persistent volumes, and user data within hosted clusters

For complete disaster recovery in hosted cluster environments, implement a multi-layered backup strategy that includes the following processes: 

* {acm-short} hub cluster backup

    - Purpose: Restore management capabilities and discovery configurations
    - Scope {acm-short} resources, policies, applications, and addon configurations
    - Implementation: Use {acm-short}'s cluster-backup-operator

* Hosted cluster backup
    - Purpose: Backup hosted control planes and workloads
    - Scope: Hosted cluster etcd, persistent volumes, and application data
    - Implementation: Follow link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.18/html/hosted_control_planes/high-availability-for-hosted-control-planes#hcp-disaster-recovery-oadp[OpenShift Hosted Control Plane Disaster Recovery documentation].

* The {mce-short} hosting cluster backup
    -  Purpose: Backup the infrastructure hosting the control planes
    -  Scope: {mce-short} cluster state and configurations

>     -  Implementation: Standard {ocp-short} backup procedures

Reviewer 2: I suggest creating a table for this information. The column title would be Purpose, Scope, and Implementation. Were you looking to avoid using tables?

Author: @dockerymick tables are not wrong, sometimes not favored; when you get in DITA you will see why veteran writers try to steer clear of tables. LOL

I think you are not wrong, that definitely would make sense to change to a table but we are talking about three different types of back ups and the categories are within those types of back up Purpose, Scope, and Implementations.

We can see how it builds out. 

No, I never like tables and do try to avoid them. It's definitely from Dita days. Unless it has changed, we will not love the code it takes to build a table.

> Continue to the xref:../backup_restore/backup_restore_hosting.adoc#restore-hcp[Restoring hosted clusters] for detailed steps on restoring hosted clusters managed by {acm-short}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Continue to the xref:../backup_restore/backup_restore_hcp_mngmt.adoc#restore-hcp[Restoring {hcp} management configuration] for detailed steps on restoring hosted clusters managed by {acm-short}.
```

== Additional resources

> * xref:../about/mce_hcp_overview.adoc#mce-hcp-overview[About hosted control planes with {mce-short}]

Reviewer 2: Links are broken. I do not see backup_restore_hosting file. It seems like you meant to reference `backup_restore_hcp_mngmt.adoc`

<img width="1408" height="813" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e8417b0b-eb08-451b-b074-720090ac9ec1" />

maybe change xref to link for the link in Additional resources
```suggestion
Continue to the xref:../backup_restore/backup_restore_hosting.adoc#restore-hcp[Restoring hosted clusters] for detailed steps on restoring hosted clusters managed by {acm-short}.

== Additional resources

* link:../about/mce_hcp_overview.adoc#mce-hcp-overview[About hosted control planes with {mce-short}]
```
